

04.文本总结（吴恩达 x Open AI ChatGPT 提示工程教程）
======


## 生成摘要
#### 案例-1
Your task is to generate a short summary of a product review from an ecommerce site.

Summarize the review below, delimited by triple backticks, in at most 30 words.

结果：
Soft and super cute panda plush toy with a friendly face. A bit small for the price, but arrived a day earlier than expected. Daughter loves it.

#### 案例-2
Your task is to generate a short summary of a product review from an ecommerce site to give feedback to the Shipping department.

Summarize the review below, delimited by triple backticks, in at most 30 words, and focusing on any aspects that mention shipping and delivery of the product.

结果：
The panda plush toy arrived a day earlier than expected and was soft and super cute, but a bit small for the price.

#### 案例-3
Your task is to generate a short summary of a product review from an ecommerce site to give feedback to the pricing department, responsible for determining the price of the product.

Summarize the review below, delimited by triple backticks, in at most 30 words, and focusing on any aspects that are relevant to the price and perceived value.

Review: ```Got this panda plush toy for my daughter's birthday, who loves it and takes it everywhere. It's soft and super cute, and its face has a friendly look. It's a bit small for what I paid though. I think there might be other options that are bigger for the same price. It arrived a day earlier than expected, so I got to play with it myself before I gave it to her.```

结果：
Summary: The plush toy is loved by the child but the reviewer feels it is small for the price paid and suggests bigger options available for the same price.


## 提取相关信息

Your task is to extract relevant information from a product review from an ecommerce site to give feedback to the Shipping department.

From the review below, delimited by triple backticks extract the information relevant to shipping and delivery. Limit to 30 words.

Review: ```Got this panda plush toy for my daughter's birthday, who loves it and takes it everywhere. It's soft and super cute, and its face has a friendly look. It's a bit small for what I paid though. I think there might be other options that are bigger for the same price. It arrived a day earlier than expected, so I got to play with it myself before I gave it to her.```


### 产品评论
Your task is to generate a short summary of a product review from an ecommerce site.

Summarize the review below, delimited by triple backticks in at most 20 words.

Review: ``````


